# # ScPublicV3ScpPostReturnsCreateNewReturnRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**fromAddress** | [**\Toppy\Sendcloud\V3\Model\AddressWithRequiredFields**](AddressWithRequiredFields.md) |  |
**toAddress** | [**\Toppy\Sendcloud\V3\Model\AddressWithRequiredFields**](AddressWithRequiredFields.md) |  |
**shipWith** | [**\Toppy\Sendcloud\V3\Model\ShipWith**](ShipWith.md) |  |
**dimensions** | [**\Toppy\Sendcloud\V3\Model\Dimension**](Dimension.md) |  | [optional]
**weight** | [**\Toppy\Sendcloud\V3\Model\Weight**](Weight.md) |  |
**colloCount** | **int** | The number of collos this return consists of | [optional] [default to 1]
**parcelItems** | [**\Toppy\Sendcloud\V3\Model\ParcelItemReturnsCreate[]**](ParcelItemReturnsCreate.md) | List of items contained in this return. Required outside EU. | [optional]
**sendTrackingEmails** | **bool** | When true Sendcloud will send out the default track and trace emails | [optional] [default to false]
**brandId** | **int** | The ID of the brand this return belongs to. To find the brand ID, refer to the [Retrieve a list of brands](/api/v2/brands/retrieve-a-list-of-brands) endpoint. | [optional]
**totalInsuredValue** | [**\Toppy\Sendcloud\V3\Model\Price**](Price.md) |  | [optional]
**orderNumber** | **string** | Identifier of the order associated with this return | [optional]
**totalOrderValue** | [**\Toppy\Sendcloud\V3\Model\PriceWithAnyCurrency**](PriceWithAnyCurrency.md) |  | [optional]
**externalReference** | **string** | Unique reference for this return, generated by the user | [optional]
**customsInvoiceNr** | **string** | Customs invoice number. **This field is required if it&#39;s an international return** | [optional]
**deliveryOption** | [**\Toppy\Sendcloud\V3\Model\DeliveryOption**](DeliveryOption.md) |  | [optional]
**customsInformation** | [**\Toppy\Sendcloud\V3\Model\ParcelCustomsInformation**](ParcelCustomsInformation.md) |  | [optional]
**applyRules** | **bool** | When set to &#x60;true&#x60;, return rules will be applied.   Note that rules take precedence over the values provided in the request.   For instance, if a contract is specified in one of the applied rules, the contract value provided in the request will be ignored. | [optional] [default to false]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
